\documentclass[12pt]{article}

\usepackage{lipsum}

% header
\providecommand\fromdept{NATIONAL CENTER FOR SUPERCOMPUTING APPLICATIONS}
\providecommand\fromdeptaddress{1008 NCSA Building, MC-257\\1205 W. Clark Street\\Urbana, IL 61801--2302 USA\\}

% footer
\providecommand\fromtel{814$\cdot$574$\cdot$0105}
\providecommand\fromemail{\url{langmm@illinois.edu}}
% TODO
\providecommand\fromweb{\href{http://www.ncsa.illinois.edu/}{ncsa.illinois.edu}}

% closing address
\providecommand\closing{Sincerely}
\providecommand\signaturefile{sig.png}
\providecommand\fromname{Meagan Lang\\Research Scientist}

% recommendation name and target
\providecommand\studentname{Student Name}
\providecommand\studentforename{Student}
\providecommand\studentsurname{Ms Student}
\providecommand\studentstanding{undergraduate}
\providecommand\studentapplication{astrophysics}
\providecommand\studenttarget{Something University}

% target pronouns
\providecommand\xe{she}
\providecommand\xir{her}
\providecommand\xirs{her}
%
%\providecommand\xe{he}
%\providecommand\xir{him}
%\providecommand\xirs{his}

\input{illinois}

\begin{document}
\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip
\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip
\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip
\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip\bigskip

\today
\bigskip

To whom it may concern---
\bigskip

I am pleased to recommend \studentname{}~for the \studentstanding{}~program in
\studentapplication{}~on the basis of my experience with \xir{}~in an
introductory programming course for engineers.  As you are aware, the
introduction to programming is often challenging for students unfamiliar with
computer science, and \studentforename{}~worked hard in my demanding course.
\studentforename{}~was exposed to basic programming concepts in Python and
MATLAB, including control flow, looping, and numerical applications.  The
course projects explored such topics as DNA sequencing, nuclear radioactive
decay, and seismographic data through numerical analysis and data processing.

\studentforename{}~was particularly engaged with me as professor.  Although the
class numbers several hundred students, \studentforename{}~frequently met with
me and took the initiative in owning \xirs{}~course experience.
\studentforename{}~has repeatedly expressed interest to me before in applying
\xirs{}~background to technical problems in \studentapplication{}.  I believe
on the basis of this experience that \studentsurname~will be successful at the
computational tasks expected in a competitive program like this one at
\studenttarget{}.

\end{document}

